ambulances ared one after another
bringing newly released prisoners to
their families more than 50 Palestinians
were detained by the Israeli Army for
months they described the inhumane
conditions they
endured we were handcuffed and
blindfolded the Israeli soldiers kept
kicking and hitting us using their
rifles we were all transported to a
prison including many injured and
disabled civilians there we were
tortured and put to Violent
interrogations the Israelis Unleashed
their police dogs on us and many of us
tanes panicked they took pleasure in
torturing us according to estimates from
a ramala based Rights group more than
9,300 Palestinians have been detained by
Israel majority of them from the
occupied West Bank and thousands more
have forcibly disappeared from Gaza
since the beginning of the Israeli
military offens of last year released
prisoners report being deprived of food
and water for
days at alifa hospital the Israeli
forces buried Palestinians alive we saw
it with our own eyes many people in Gaza
were executed run over by tanks or
buried alive in Mass Graves it was all
over TV screens and we saw it in real
life the Israeli Army says it's
investigating allegations of
mistreatment of Palestinians at its
facilities and has refused to comment on
specific cases but many fear this
investigation like others before it will
not hold anyone
account Axel zovich Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer